User Manual for Schmaps.
Congratulations to your download of the app Schmaps! In this manual, we will help you get started with
your app so you can start finding your way around campus!

When the app starts the first thing to happen is that a splash screen will be put on display for a few seconds.
When the splash screen closes down a menu appears with the different options the application offers.
To start and use a function from the app you just have to touch any of the menu options accordingly to what you want to do.
The different options are:

Search lecture hall:
If you touch this option you will be presented with a view of a map and a text field, you can use the text field to enter the lecture
halls you want to find. To find a lecture hall you gently touch the text field and enter the name of the lecture hall you want
to find and then the map will draw and animate to the location you want to find.

To get extra information about the hall you searched for just click on the position that was drawn on the map. To get a path drawn
from your current location to the hall just click the icon and when the extra information dialog comes upp click "Get Directions".


Find microwaves:
If you touch this option you will be asked to choose what campus you want the microwave oven locations drawn out on. After you've
chosen the campus a map view will be displayed and all the microwave oven locations will be drawn upon it. To display information
like which building and level the microwave is located in just touch the location you want information about and a dialog will appear 
with the info you requested.


Find restaurants:
The function works in the same manner as microwaves, you will get restaurants displayed instead of microwave ovens.


Book study rooms:
Touch this option and the application will open a web browser and navigate to the Time Edit webpage where you can log in with your
CID and password to use their function to book a study room.

ATMs:
Works the same as Find microwaves and Find restaurants, the locations drawn on the map will be of ATMs instead.

Check-in:
Not yet implemented.

Check buses:
Not yet implemented.

UML Diagram:
You can also take a look at our UML diagram where you can see the connections between all activities in this application. You can find it in our doc folder in github. 